h1. GemSuit

Provide an extensive test suite (with Rails 2 and 3 integration tests) to a newly generated or existing gem

h2. Introduction

We Rails developers are experiencing great evolvements at the moment: not only are we migrating from Ruby 1.8 to Ruby 1.9, but we are also migrating from Rails 2.3 to Rails 3. This means that Rails gem writers have to deal with this. Luckily, there is "Rich-Support":https://github.com/archan937/rich_support which provides Rails 2 and 3 compatibility to your Rails gem, but you also want to be able to run integration tests within a Rails 2 and 3 environment.

And so this is where GemSuit kicks in: it provides an extensive test suite to a (newly generated or existing) gem in which you can test the whole gem usage process. From a clean Rails (2 or 3) application, to running your gem generators, to testing your front-end with Capybara. A real world example of a GemSuit implementation is "Rich-CMS":https://github.com/archan937/rich_cms.

h2. Generating a new gem

Run the following command in your console if you haven't installed GemSuit yet:

<pre>
  gem install "gem_suit"
</pre>

Run the following command to create a gem with Bundler and the GemSuit test suite:

<pre>
  suit tailor your_gem_name
</pre>

h2. Installation (for an already created gem)

Run the following command in your console if you haven't installed GemSuit yet:

<pre>
  gem install "gem_suit"
</pre>

Run the following command within your gem directory (e.g. in @Gems/rich_cms@ for the gem Rich-CMS)

<pre>
  suit up
</pre>

h2. And now what?

Lorem ipsum.

h2. Contact me

For support, remarks and requests please mail me at "paul.engel@holder.nl":mailto:paul.engel@holder.nl.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Paul Engel, released under the MIT license

"http://holder.nl":http://holder.nl – "http://codehero.es":http://codehero.es – "http://gettopup.com":http://gettopup.com – "http://twitter.com/archan937":http://twitter.com/archan9370 – "paul.engel@holder.nl":mailto:paul.engel@holder.nl

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.